In the spotlight: The butcher
Only a few records of the Horadrim of Sanctuary tell of a demon
known as "The Butcher".
He has been spotted twice so far, more than 20 years apart.
Countless victims succumbed to the horror of this monstrosity when threatening Tristram,
and rumors say that this demon of body parts is made up of other demons.
Therefore, he considers all living and undead beings only as individual parts.
The Butcher is a brutal melee assassin,
which nourishes its high damage by eating up its victims.
The butcher's characteristic is fresh meat.
If an enemy dies nearby, it drops fresh meat.
Servants drop a single piece as heroes drop three.
Each piece of meat collected increases its attack damage permanently until death.
The butcher's first ability is mutilation.
He strikes with his cruel ax, causing damage
and slows down enemies in a long stretched area.
The next ability is called branding.
The butcher hurls his sickle forward and marks his target for 5 seconds,
whereby his automatic attacks on the target heal him for 75% of the damage caused.
When used on Heroes, the healing is doubled.
The butcher's last basic skill is Brachial Rush.
Like a nightmare the butcher storms towards a target and becomes unstoppable.
When he reaches his target, the butcher inflicts and stuns his victim.
Melting furnace is the butcher's first heroic option.
After a delay of 3 seconds, the butcher lights up the fire,
inflicting tremendous damage to nearby enemies.
This ability can be used in conjunction with the Brachial Rush.
The butcher's second heroic ability is to deliver the knife.
He rams a stake into the ground at the destination
and, after a short delay, chains the next opposing hero to the stake.
Escape attempts only lead to the victim being dragged back into the sphere of influence.
The early game phase is extremely important to the butcher.
You have to collect as much fresh meat as possible before the team fights begin.
The butcher can receive large quantities of meat,
by killing servants in the ways and eating their flesh.
Another option is to aggressively move forward with a partner
and to kill enemy heroes early on.
But be careful because the butcher with this strategy
can easily lose his fresh meat pile if he dies in a push.
Once he has the maximum number of meat stacks, the butcher should focus on
Isolate enemies with the Brachial Rush.
Charges for an opponent with low health and brand it.
Use mutilations if he tries to escape.
With few automatic attacks and good positioning
The butcher can kill almost any enemy.
Delivering to the knife is a great help in isolating targets.
Use this heroic ability to initiate a fight
or keep away important opponents, so that your team is in the majority.
You should choose Melting Furnace if you want to get more damage done to accomplish goals.
Most of what you get out of this ability
when the butcher can thereby hit more than two targets.
When you face the butcher,
then isolate him and bring him as a team quickly to the track.
If you can prevent him from healing by branding,
he does not stand up to a focused attack.
FRESH MEAT!
Tell us in the comments, if you have great tips for the best use of the butcher.
We're looking forward to seeing what you can do with this awesome melee assassin.
Subscribe here on YouTube and follow our other online offers,
to not miss any news about Heroes of the Storm.
See you in the Nexus!